my heart hurts a little bit that I am
leaving Chiang Mai today you know when
like you're sad and you feel like your
chest actually hurts a bonus yen to
reach an audience of a few hundred
people care who want to hear it for me
that's totally rewarding I'm set to me
that's a really meaningful engagement
with my audience because I'm motivated
by the cause I am doing it for the cause
I am doing it for the culture I am doing
it for the movement I'm doing it for the
future of veganism what do I expect from
somebody like Jack green whose motives
are instead fame and fame whoring and he
went to Thailand for that reason in the
first place and he tried to be best
friends with during writer and freely
whom he met in person of course that's
what you get if you buy the plane ticket
and you pay for the hotel room that's to
get spend thousands of dollars to meet
the great cult leader face-to-face you
know um I don't expect him to be
brilliant I don't expect him to be
ethical I don't expect him to be engaged
the political issues in the movement I
don't expect to have quality content
which he doesn't I don't expect me to
say my expectations are low in this
vegan Debbie mom some of you will know
who I'm quoting my expectations are low
in his vegan demi-monde he tries to
imitate my accent and he says my
expectations are low in this Debbie mod
and it's throw my expectations of you
are low jack if you care enough to
defame me why don't you care enough to
have basic curiosity and basic human
decency and hear my side of the story
which you can do from the videos already
up on youtube or you could do by
emailing me or talking to me or what
have you you know it I mean it's
heartbreaking you can ask yourself if
any of this stuff were sincere what
would you do what if he were actually
concerned that at that time when he
talked to me on the street like if this
is not [ __ ] Jack which it is I hope
you know deep down inside this is
[ __ ] I hope you know that when
you're defaming me you're telling a lie
maybe you don't maybe you're so out of
touch with reality you actually believe
things during writers said that nobody
believes the durian lighter himself
later retracted
didn't apologized for and that julia has
always said was not true Julia said it
was untrue before durianrider got
involved and she said it was untrue but
after gonna of course I say it's untrue
so everyone says it's untrue including
cheering writer and Jack you're still
coming on the internet and saying I had
a love affair with Julia okay but if
that was sincere Jack if you actually
believe that and you were actually
concerned why didn't you take it up with
me when we were on the streets of Chiang
Mai together when I talk to you
face-to-face I'll keeping it real and
when I tell you that conversation
started I didn't know if you and your
friend we're going to try to beat the
[ __ ] out of me because that was during
writers claim is that he had a bunch of
guys like you who were eager to beat the
[ __ ] out of me the moment you saw me on
the street which is where I saw you I
didn't back down two of you and one of
me if you are actually concerned which
don't be no reason to be concerned I
mean I can imagine in some parallel
universe if I had a love affair with
somebody in Chiang Mai maybe and you
found out about it maybe your attitude
behave it's none of your business there
is no reason for concern but if you were
concerned which is the phony ass pose
you're striking here on YouTube when it
counted you didn't do jack [ __ ] about it
you didn't ask me about it and again
it's completely impossible why do you
think you saw me I just walked out of my
apartment building do you think Julia
bore was back in my apartment wearing a
[ __ ] I don't know negligee look what
do you think man you think I just left
her in the apartment do you actually
believe when you met me on the street
that love affair was going on if you did
and you were concerned at the time you
didn't say [ __ ] to me about it much less
than you try to beat me up and take me
to a police station as during writers
said you were supposed to do okay this
maelstrom is totally known to Jack green
and the least believable thing in it is
the idea that at that time at that
moment which is the only opportunity the
only time when Julia bore and I are in
the same city on the same continent that
at that moment I am having sex with
Julia bore that's the claim exactly at
that mode there was no other possibility
otherwise she was in Europe i was in
canada right so
at that when everyone was watching
exactly what we were doing when I was
coming on youtube every day during a
rider was coming on YouTube and
threatening me and defaming me every day
when all that was going on and Julia was
on her blog I don't remember making
videos maybe she did his dumb but she
was on her blog saying stuff it was
completely obvious to everyone
especially someone in Jack greens
position who was there who met me and
talked to me on the street yeah if I had
had a love affair with Julia bore I
think everyone would have known about it
at that time and why wouldn't he was
even lie about it that would have made
it more hilarious but on the contrary
everyone knew that of all the
allegations against me from during
writer the most ridiculous the most
impossible to believe was Julia bore I'm
sorry I know we're friends I know we
talked behind the scenes but I still
think you're a complete [ __ ] idiot
but let's get back to the topic there
were other women there who I met and
spoke to the women there who were who
fans in my channel like my material
wanted to talk to me support what I do
and veganism you could have said any of
those women were having an affair with
me but no for whatever reason maybe just
a promoter channel the the angle
durianrider took was one that was not
believable to anyone partly because it
was already addressed before he even
made of those allegations it wasn't even
a surprise to people people already knew
oh yeah izel had this hilarious video
where Julia sent him these abusive and
insulting emails and you know like that
was the only contact between us and it
is funny it's still you can watch that
video of what Julia said to me it's
hilarious it's worth laughing at but
nobody watches that and thinks these are
the sparks of a romance that one day in
the streets of Chiang Mai is gonna
blossom into a torrid love affair while
at the same time Julia bore is
denouncing me and meeting up with
durianrider and all this stuff is coming
on dude dude let me tell you something
let me tell you something not even if
she paid me not even if she paid me not
boucing not gonna happen okay
famous what you don't know me y'all
gonna remember that more like a
Republican smooth as a Democrat I'm not
fat shaming her I'm not shaming her cuz
she's ugly I'm not shaming her because
she's stupid I'm saying the combination
of all of these things and Who I am as a
person meant that even if she were
pursuing me even if she were in love
with me it's never it would never happen
and anybody who's watched any of our
material knows that but the reality is
she was officially be I wasn't pursuing
her if we were it would really just be a
kind of hilarious footnote in history I
don't think anyone would really care but
nobody find this believable but Jack
Greene is still gonna come on the
internet months after the fact and I
don't know if his point is he's
pretending he hasn't seen those videos
or he's he's ignore them but he knows as
I say he was there he was in the middle
of the Maelstrom it's very difficult for
me to imagine that he sincerely thinks I
had a love affair with Julia bore at
exactly that time when he met me
face-to-face and when all this other
stuff was going on and when I met all
three people in that love triangle me
Julia and during writer what we were
doing every day for those few days is
documented on the internet right and my
so-called relationship with Julia was
already completely disclosed the
internet before i arrived in thailand
had already made that video about it and
she'd already put up the emails on her
blog blah blah blah
let's be real here let's be real raw
till 4 is an intellectual ghetto it's a
whole community of bigots
Oh
don't interrupt daddy it's [ __ ]
[ __ ] it's a whole community of
bigots but if you ever try to criticize
them it's up you're an ungrateful [ __ ]
[ __ ] you're a [ __ ] dumb [ __ ] jealous
loser hater whatever freely said in the
video stop the gossip stop focusing on
other people's lives [ __ ] hip-hop
receive you've made a living Oh talking
[ __ ] about other people these people and
me and whoever else should be seeking
criticisms we should be seeking
criticism why because then we can always
improve more and more if we don't get
criticism you know we a lot of times we
end up getting [ __ ] place so seek
criticism these people do the opposite
my heart hurts a little bit that I am
leaving Chiang Mai today you know when
like you're sad and you feel like your
chest actually hurts I banos yen hey
guys one of the things I used to object
you in the old days which is like one
year ago now was the really weird cult
of gratitude that was part and parcel of
the raw till 4 semi vegan health and
fitness and beauty seen within veganism
and you know it was just weird but it
was weird um what durianrider and freely
did with the concept of gratitude like I
guess I guess there's nothing wrong with
gratitude as a word or a concept what
they did with him it was weird it was
creepy anyone who disagreed with them
they would attack for their lack of
gratitude anyone um you know in some
cases they created the conflict so it
wasn't even the other person's fault it
was someone else who had made a video
with them in the past where they'd said
something positively given their
endorsement and then they turn around
and attack them for lacking gratitude
really really strange stuff um so it
became a just kind of a way of bullying
people but on the other hand it also
became a forum self justification for
them so if anyone said that freely was
not a real activist that she didn't do
real political activism or was bad for
me this was a movement she could turn
around and accuse those people having a
lack of gratitude they were supposed to
feel you know so much gratitude for um
what she done for veganism what she was
doing present tense continuous for
veganism well that being said I do think
that keeping it real on YouTube and
keeping it real with and veganism
includes keeping it real about your
motivations for doing what you're doing
and who is helping you to get there who
put you on I don't I don't think that's
gratitude I don't think I don't think
it's the creepy weird cult of gratitude
I think time was saying a lot a lot less
a lot lower a lot closer to the ground
this guy called Jack green made me think
about this the other day now no reason
why you know jack greene don't google
him don't watch his channel his content
is basically garbage but you know jack
greene is one of these guys who used to
be a one hundred percent true believer
in freely and durham writer and I'm
met him face-to-face when we were both
in Chiang Mai I met him three times in
total actually he may not remember that
he may just remember the one time when
we when we talked for any length of time
but I guess he liked one of the
restaurants on my block for some reason
we kept bumping into each other on the
streets um you know jack greene nobody
knew his channel he has very very small
fan base and that's I'm not gonna hate
on him for that I'm gonna reflect on
that in just a second that's not a
certainly a problem you can come on
YouTube and make videos for 100 people
not only is there nothing wrong with
that in some ways there are things that
are wonderful about that it's a nice
thing to do you know if you have a small
circuit can be friends and family or can
be a hundred people happen to know you
and love you on the Internet it's great
do it um but you know in as much as
anyone knows who Jack Reed is I made a
video on my channel promoting him and
that reached more than three thousand
viewers and reach more than 3,000
beavers quickly so i don't know in a
week or something it's good video i just
took some really short clips of him
talking and cut it up with music made it
kind of exciting and funny and the
reason I did that was the jack greene
outgrew his cult-like belief in the rato
for phenomenon he stopped being an
uncritical follower of during writer and
freely despite the fact that he had
bought the airplane ticket to Thailand
and I don't know but it seems to me he's
made serious financial sacrifices to
live for a year in Thailand maybe it's
only six months but he's been living
long-term he didn't go back in time and
he did that to go worship at the altar
of during writer and assume he also did
it partly to try to achieve success in
notoriety on youtube so you know two
people you know lifted a finger to
really reach out to him both the
promoters channel and to encourage him
and to just try to talk to him try to
get his human perspective on his own
loss of faith his own change of
perspective on on the the on veganism
itself I suppose I reached out to him I
put that promo on my own channel and I
didn't just make that promo video by
said look if you want to talk I'd like
to talk to you by Skype that was partly
because I assumed he was emotionally in
a very difficult situation I've been in
Chiang Mai I've been in the
love that cult and I've had people
threatening to beat me up and put me in
jail and all that stuff as you know but
I know most people i mean if you if you
leave the cult while you're living there
you'd be facing tremendous hostility all
the time and of course that includes
hannah chloe and in a weird way for a
while there'd also included a guy like
Joe best because Joe best turned against
really interim writer and he was still
living there and going to the same
restaurants and he doesn't speak Thai so
he has to go to the english-speaking
places you know so it's weird um so
partly like out of support and sympathy
and partly out of human interest and
partly just for you know building the
movement engaging in this kind of
discourse I reached out to the guy and
vegan she'd also reached out to him and
again I think chido basically wanted to
congratulate him on leaving the cold and
they did a long broadcast together that
went on both you now and YouTube so the
guy got positivity and support from me
and vegan gia does that mean yes to have
gratitude no um and again I can make the
comparison to rap music you know I think
rappers can come out here and just be
honest about who put them on you can be
honest about who used to be your manager
who used to be your label what other
artists give you a shot who put you on
and then you can turn around and say
that you think they're garbage that
they're bad artists or bad management or
a bad company you know I'm saying you
don't have to candy-coat it you don't
have to lie but you lie about your
feelings even if they're just your
feelings are your feelings that have no
facts to back them up whatsoever I would
not mind if Jack green talked about me
in a way that just reflect that he feels
about my channel he may hate my channel
and in a very real sense I'm cool with
that you know what I mean I'm not asking
for his respect I'm not asking him to be
my fan because I promoted him but I
promoted him and I reached out to him
positively for reasons that I think self
el salv evident you guys you guys can
guess why I made that post gesture with
a guy and even because I saw his
interview with cheetah chido really
reached out to him in a positive way
credit where it's due I mean some of the
stuff cheetah does is mean spirited some
of its destructive but that was a
totally positive thing that she did in
reaching out to this guy hmm so you know
now he's turned around and having me now
so i'll tell the story in order
currently the guy makes videos where he
just says the most insulting the fam
ettore things about me and about cheetah
and about almost everybody else not
everybody almost everybody okay you know
in some ways I can relate in some ways I
can but his content he seems to come on
camera with nothing to say and with no
sincere engagement in the vegan movement
and also no no since your desired to
talk about his own life you can have
other sincere desires other than talking
about the vegan movement I can totally
imagine just coming on camera and
talking about I'm dating this girl and I
don't know what's going on you know
anything real in your life anything you
care about I can imagine someone who
owns a restaurant vegan restaurant
coming on and just talk about a tough it
is to run the restaurant I can imagine
an architect coming on and talking about
it off all their life is as an architect
every architect I've known personally
you knew them just a little bit was
miserable I'm sure there are some
architects out there who are happy with
their lives but man you can meet a lot
of miserable sad sack architects going
through it hmm you know so the lack of
realness the lack of being honest bonus
objectives are and and the reality is
when I see his videos I just see someone
who was desperate for attention who just
wants to get views who just wants eyes
be on him who just wants to say
outrageous things to get attention and
you know what even that as lame as it is
compared to being an architect or
compared to complaining about your
relation with your girlfriend even that
I think you've kept it real could be
could be interesting if you were really
honest about your own desperation if you
were honest but you were trying to do in
those videos that's still could be
interesting we'll take it back a step
stolen order so Jack I'll talk about
when I met him face-to-face Jack made
this made it made a video right after my
promotion of him so i put this video my
channel reach more than 3,000 people and
that's all i have to give like a normal
video of my channel two thousand is good
five thousand sometimes once in a while
Mike Mike videos do more than 15,000
viewers but i'm not a big channel i'm a
small specialized channel I'm totally
happy with that so three thousand people
learned about this guy's channel and
learned about his deconversion his loss
of faith I'm with with you know the cult
of Harley and freely etc through my
channel
beautiful thing in its way and um you
know his very next video he makes video
about me in which he throws out the
allegation that I had some kind of
romantic relationship with this 16 year
old and it's not just any 16 year old
it's Julia bore the he was there in
Thailand following this this drama well
it happened nobody even at the time who
is following the events believed I had a
romantic relationship with Julia border
nobody now why is that one the torrid
affair between myself and Julie aboard
the alleged affair was already addressed
before durianrider got involved I had
already made videos about it or really
one long video on my channel before
during writer heard about it or made a
video better to got involved and julia
had already addressed it on her blog
right so you have a situation where one
it's completely clear from me that
there's no romantic relationship to me
and her too it's completely completely
clear from her that there's no romantic
relationship between us that was before
we were on the same continent she was in
Europe I was in Canada three the nature
of the emails that she shared first she
made the emails public and then I made a
video you know discussing them because I
thought it was really hilarious like for
one thing it relates to vegan is rights
to some interesting questions within
vegan is like there are pullet there's
some political content from I
perspective but also there's this
question of like why are her parents
letting her do this on the internet you
know what I mean it's like there are
some just kind of hilarious elements to
it that are worth reflecting on but so
all of the emails between us were posted
on the internet first by her and then
discussed by me and most people took it
for what it was they just thought it was
funny because basically I had sent her a
one-sentence email and then she had sent
me these long emails denouncing and
defaming me because she was such a true
believer in durianrider so you know
that's basically the story and then i
sent a one-sentence email saying look I
think in the future you're gonna look
back on this and laugh that was it that
was a whole interaction between us
nothing sexy about it nothing edgy about
it or what have you so everyone knew
that before durianrider even got
involved now have I seen Julia bore in
person in real life yes I have literally
walked past her on the street in
Thailand there are other reasons why
nobody believed there was a romance to a
bar like I don't like her it's very
obvious I mean that video I was polite I
was polite because she's so young I said
look you know so whatever at the time
she was 16 and she's speaking her third
language english is not her first
language and to my knowledge is not her
second legibly english is her third
language i do a lot of work on languages
my whole life whatever my whole adult
life I realize how hard to study
languages and in a sense I want to be
respectful towards the fact that she's
engaging in this discourse on YouTube by
email Jose her third language if I were
speaking in German right now this would
be hard as OVO speaking Chinese you guys
have seen me speak Chinese it's hard
work right so I didn't want to come on
and say oh she's an idiot she's an idiot
but I want to say that I'm not a good
i'm not gonna say she's an idiot but
yeah she's an idiot but i mean anybody
who saw any snippet of that so-called
drama which was a joke it was really
laughable they laughed at it but nobody
thought there was any possibility of a
romance to me enjoy I don't want her she
don't want me and the fact that she's 16
is not human but decisive factor in bad
she's not just 16 at the time she was
hideously ugly horribly overweight
stupid foul-mouthed ill-mannered cruel
and a member of a cult then I'm a critic
of that I'm a well-known kritika I was
situation to do of us so if if there was
like if you want to make up a story that
I had a love affair with anyone in
Chiang Mai why didn't you make up a
story about someone I actually talked to
someone I actually met or someone I was
friends with that might have been
believable so sorry guys the lighting is
acting up here I guess wait that was
cool that all right it's the maybe the
camera switches between natural light
mode and artificial light mode that's
what that is because I've got sunlight
coming in through the window as well as
artificial light so sorry guys sometimes
the light flickers like that this I
guess will be more stable or better so
okay so Jack is it possible the jack
greene is ignorant of these facts yes
barely
he he was there I'm just gonna say I met
him face-to-face right um I met him we
talked and I know he was falling the
drama chang by the time because we were
all there together we were all I mean it
was a big deal you know when I raised
six thousand five dollars and started
the court case and there was this
question of whether or not during right
and i would actually meet up and have a
fistfight like whether or not we would
meet at a boxing arena because he
threatened me with violence and i didn't
back down i said okay meet me where do
you wanna meet me i even gave of you
guys don't remember if during writer
actually wanted to show up and beat me
up on the street with a gang of people
which is exactly what he threatened at
length and repeatedly I gave him my
location I said okay at this time at
this location I'm going to be at this
karaoke place you can show up you can
show up alone you can show up dolo you
can show up with a gang of goons and be
mean and guess what during riders
threats were vapor I was the first
person to really stand up to him that
way and he backed down like a physical
coward we already knew durianrider was
an intellectual coward we already knew
was an emotional coward and now we
learned he was a physical coward also
they look just just to you know back it
up um yeah so someone's had this gesture
we could have battled out in the karaoke
ring yes in a perfect world instead of
having a fistfight durianrider could
have shown up and we could have sung a
duet together we could have done some
rabbit we could have some 50 cent in the
club together doesn't require any
singing ability you can chant 50 cent in
the club sure during rider could've done
something positive to I'm saying I
should include that he could have showed
up and beaten the crap out of me he
could have shown up with a gang of thugs
or with baseball bats he also could have
shown up with goodwill in his heart
right I'd already apologized to freely
and we now know what during writer did
and calling for me to a polyester freely
was also [ __ ] right like um you know
he claimed he was defending his
girlfriend in her honor but he already
broken up with her they already hated
each other we now know at that exact
time they had broken up and he was
sending her these threatening emails or
text messages that she's posted publicly
and he was allegedly or actually already
sleeping with other women he himself
alleges that he was sleeping with her
when she was sleeping with the man so
his whole pose that he was defending the
honor of freely and again I'd already
apologized if you watch the actual
videos what I say
freely is a really nice / me is a really
necessary criticism like guess what a
garlic is not a neurotoxin guess what
the claim that you can eat unlimited
calories and get zero exercise and lose
weight just because you're vegan is
bollocks you know those are really
necessary criticisms there's a use of
free speech they don't merit threats of
violence or definition blah blah no wait
this Maelstrom is totally known to Jack
green and the least believable thing in
it is the idea that at that time at that
moment which is the only opportunity the
only time when Julia boar and I are in
the same city on the same continent that
at that moment I'm having sex with Julia
boar that's the claim exactly at that
mode there was no other possibility
otherwise she was in Europe i was in
canada right so at that one when
everyone was watching exactly what we
were doing when i was coming on youtube
every day during a rider was coming on
youtube and threatening me and defaming
me every day when all that was going on
and Julia was on her blog I don't
remember making videos maybe she did his
dumb but she was on her blog saying
stuff it was completely obvious to
everyone especially someone in Jack
greens position who was there who met me
and talked to me on the street if I had
had a love affair with Julia bore I
think everyone would have known about it
at that time and why would any of us
even lie about it that would have made
it more hilarious but on the contrary
everyone knew that of all the
allegations against me from during
writer the most ridiculous the most
impossible to believe was Julia bore and
I remember went when his accusations
were first made and I hadn't read them
all yet heard them all yet I said to
another woman there said to Leah Leah
pram staller who's now Leah deleted her
YouTube channel she quit the game but I
said to Lee I was like oh I guess
they're talking about you I guess
they're gonna say I'm having I'm having
a love affair with you because at least
I had mentally at least we had a
conversation least we didn't hate each
other you know I mean lately and I talk
no I didn't have a love for there but at
least that's possible as an allegation
there were other women there who I met
and spoke to the woman there who were
who fans in my channel like my material
who wanted to talk to me to support what
I do and veganism you could have said
any of those women having an affair with
me but no for whatever reason maybe just
a promoter channel the
the angle durianrider took was one that
was not believable to anyone partly
because it was already addressed before
he even made of those allegations it
wasn't even a surprise to people people
already knew oh yeah izel had this
hilarious video where Julia sent him
these abusive and insulting emails and
you know like that was the only contact
between us and it is funny it's still
you can watch that video of what Julia
said to me it's hilarious it's worth
laughing at but nobody watches that and
thanks these are the sparks of a romance
that one day in the streets of Chiang
Mai is going to blossom into a toilet
love affair while at the same time julia
boras denouncing me and meeting up with
durianrider and all this stuff is coming
on of course since then some people have
alleged that during writer himself was
in an affair with joy bored anyway like
dude dude let me tell you something let
me tell you something not even if she
paid me not even if she paid me not
boucing not gonna happen okay I'm not
fat shaming her I'm not shaming her cuz
she's ugly I'm not shaming her because
she's stupid I'm saying the combination
of all of these things and Who I am as a
person meant that even if she were
pursuing me even if she were in love
with me it's never it would never happen
and anybody who's watched any of our
material knows that but the reality is
she wasn't personally Bea I wasn't
pursuing her if if we were it would
really just be a kind of hilarious
footnote in history I don't think anyone
would really care but nobody find this
believable but Jack Greene is still
gonna come on the internet months after
the fact and I don't know if his point
is he's pretending he hasn't seen those
videos or he's he's ignore them but he
knows as I say he was there he was in
the middle of the Maelstrom it's very
difficult for me to imagine that he
sincerely thinks I had a love affair
with Julia bore at exactly that time
when he met me face-to-face and when all
this other stuff was going on and when I
mean all three people in that love
triangle me Julia and during writer what
we were doing every day for those few
days is documented on the internet right
and my so-called relationship with Julia
was already completely disclosed the
internet before i arrived in thailand
had already made that video about it and
she'd already put up the emails on her
blog blah blah blah she put up the
emails cuz she was she was proud of it
this is soy milk by the way if you
wonder what i'm drinking out of this
strange container okay so what is my
point i kicked this video off by
questioning the old cult of gratitude
that people like durianrider and freely
used to you know promote and i think
they used it to you know to bully people
and to humiliate people and to make make
people more obedient they talked about
they would talk about gratitude in this
strange way i do not expect any
gratitude from Jack green I expect him
to keep it real I expect him to be
curious I expect him to have a level of
maturity and self-disciplined me know if
you care enough about the issue to
defame me on the Internet why do you not
care enough about the issue to be
curious and to watch 15 minutes of video
on my channel about it before you make
the video defaming me I offer to talk to
Jack green again because I met him
face-to-face I should describe that
meeting he could have talked to me by
Skype you could have talked to me by
email you care enough about this to make
videos defaming me but not enough to
send me an email not enough to talk to
me about it by skype-ing a let this 16
year old who apparently is mature enough
to buy her own airplane ticket and fly
to Thailand and hang out with your aim
right if you are actually concerned that
her problem in life and this caused a
lot of problems like if you're concerned
about Julia bored you should be her life
is [ __ ] up like really most people who
watched you let Julia Boers dialogue
with Jeremiah they were they were kind
of scared for her they looked at that
they're concerned about this girls there
there's reason to be concerned the
reason
the reason is not me ok but if if your
actual concern for Julia bore with how
[ __ ] up her life is all the signs of
mental illness she's broadcasting on the
Internet unlike her claims that she's
never gonna go to school and she's never
gonna get a job and she's been
brainwashed by this cult leader who
tells her that she has olympic-level
genetics there's a lot wrong with julia
boras life if you're concerned you know
what you should be if Jack met her and
spent time with her which he may have
because they were both in Chiang Mai
they're both a single you know what you
should be concerned ok why the [ __ ]
would you exercise that concern by
stating your ignorant ass slanderous
opinion on youtube without even talking
to me whenever you show to you pawsley
when I throw to you on my channel it's
not about gratitude it's about curiosity
it's about being a mensch it's about
being a [ __ ] real human being it's
about having some shred of dignity and
responsibility and jack or you ain't got
that you're just another [ __ ] drama
[ __ ] who's desperate for attention at
the same time that you denounce people
like me and vegan cheetah for being
drama [ __ ] I mean obviously you know
the enunciation of cheetah has some
truth to it i'm at camp hey I can't say
you're all the way wrong there but still
likewise cheetah put you on man credit
where it's due keep it real cheetah when
you lost your faith jack cheetah did a
totally respectful a broadcast with you
getting your perspective and asking you
how does it feel what are you thinking
why did you lose faith in the cold etc
you know that's what's up you could
thank him for that it doesn't mean you
have to agree with it does mean you have
to have gratitude but it's keep it real
you nobody would know your [ __ ]
channel without me and cheetah and we
supported you just out of the goodness
of our hearts because we knew what you
were going through and we knew that your
life in the middle of that cult in
Chiang Mai would be [ __ ] up you be in
a struggle and you didn't want to
support you want to turn around and just
you know again defame me over this
[ __ ] ball means look guys don't get
me wrong if you want to disagree with me
about the ethics of pet ownership of Oh
castrating dogs about vivisection about
any meaningful topic within vegan pugs
if you I made that video it's got more
than a thousand viewers i made a totally
political video about the difference
between ethical veganism and vegan
abolitionism great topic deep
epic 10 people could make responses to
that video with very different
perspectives in the politics jack greene
if you want to make a deep video talking
about vegan abolitionism in contrast to
ethical veganism pure and simple if you
want to criticize me in disagree but
something meaningful like that do it
homeboy and I will respect the [ __ ] out
of you for even if I disagree with you
even if I completely disagree with you I
will respect you for that right so
someone of the chat says that's the
first time I've heard the word Mensch
used in casual conversation it's an
ethnic thing in case you didn't know
some people use the word Mensch and some
people throw it depending on your your
ethnic origin so yes yeah thank you for
point that there's there's a slight hint
there as tamiya my ethnicity which you
might not have guessed anyway so look
Jack Greene is a guy I met face-to-face
in Thailand and you know it was a very
memorable meeting for both of us he made
a video about it and he was very nervous
i think in describing i think he didn't
really want to talk honestly but what
happened which is fine i think at the
time you just recently lost his faith
and during writer and freely and you
know like I'm not criticizing him but I
think he struggled to keep it all the
way real um at that time when I saw him
you know when I first said oh he was he
was pretty much trembling when he talked
to me the first two times in psalm of
the street he was real nervous couldn't
really look me in the eye and that was
because he knew to some extent I don't
know he at the time he pretended he
hadn't seen any of the videos from
durianrider I kind of doubt that's
that's true but he knew I was you know a
critical voice in contrast to his his
cult leader and anyways so this one time
we saw I saw him twice in the street we
didn't talk but I looked him in the eye
was like what's up because you know
during writer said his followers we're
gonna beat me up and maybe Jack was
gonna so you know I'm just looking him
in the eye like okay what's up the third
time when I should talk to him first I
just walked past him um and I thought
you know what I you know without saying
anything to him I better turn around
better go back and talk to those guys
because you know the situation is what
it is so I went back and talked to him
and again I mean I'm not faulting him
for this but it really was
I mean terms look of his eyes in terms
of eyes and he was he really was the
wheel was like talking to someone who
was a member of a cult and he was
terrified that he would be kicked out of
the cult that he would be denounced or
something something bad would happen to
him because he he dared to to talk to me
you know so sad but interesting and all
too human and you know after took them
for a while he said look you know this
is my situation with durianrider this is
what's going on and they pretended they
didn't know about it which was maybe
just polite but maybe was the only way
they could cope with the kind of
cognitive dissonance in the situation
and the conversation moved on and we did
talk about some positive things he and
his friend they had some questions for
me about life in Thailand about speaking
the Thai language is stuff I know about
so we did we did talk about some less
tense topics but I mean you know what I
mean what are you gonna say about that
cult I mean a lot of cults are based
very clearly on a kind of
self-abnegation of you know thinking of
yourself as nothing thinking of yourself
as a person of no importance in contrast
to the cult leader or what have you I
guess one of the many interesting things
about the rato for cult for those who
relate to as a cult not everyone does um
is precisely that you know it offers you
Fame it offers you a way to advance
yourself it offers you something that
expands your ego doesn't just diminish
it so I mean when you're talking to
people with that face to face on the one
hand you're talking to someone who is
just trying to get on just trying to get
on stage you're just trying to get an
audience just trying to chase Fame um
and you know thus they have a certain
kind of self-confidence certain kind of
ego but at the same time they're also
like other colors that caught up in a
sense of worthlessness and subservience
to the cult leaders and some sense that
they'd be nothing again this writes back
this issue of gratitude that they would
be nothing or there would be nobody
without during writers support which is
the case within that so-called community
and many of them may feel that way in
terms of youtube user
but you know in reality you look at the
the video channels I remember this one I
mentioned this to vegan gains in our
interview it may or may not be in the in
the videos with unions I remember I said
the vidiians look I know one channel
that was repeatedly endorsed by
durianrider and was endorsed by vegan
gains we're both of them had appeared on
the channel sports channel and still
it's pulling like 120 views on a video
you know there are so many channels like
that we're even though they get the
endorsement you know there's no fame and
there's no fortune they don't even have
a thousand people you know watching the
videos but anyway look I don't even
really want to hate on the people who
are doing this for fame um I'm not but
again like I see it's really there's me
some people like including cheetah they
want to insult this channel by
suggesting that this channel is a
failure there are so many people I
respect including like university
professors who could never come on
YouTube and give a lecture about
something they care about and something
their audience doesn't want to hear
about that reaches 1,000 viewers and my
videos routinely just a straight-up
lecture what I have to say but reach a
thousand people who really want to hear
it you know even though what I'm saying
I mean upfront in terms of the title
it's the opposite of what they want to
hear most people want your good news
about veganism and I'm giving them bad
news most people want to hear that
veganism is wonderful and that the
movement is doing great and the one
who's in positive and most of time I'm
coming on camera and saying let me tell
you about the latest disaster let me
tell you about a hopeless and terrible
veganism is a shame i wish i wasn't i
mentioned you guys i just ordered this
book hasn't arrived yet in the mail i
hope my next book review the next book
review i do about vegan was going to be
really positive i hope that every time
but the last two books about veganism in
ecology they were really garbage and I
really had to give very negative book
reviews but it's the same thing whether
it's a book review or responding to
something that's going on on youtube or
talking about real life activism talking
about you know direct action everywhere
climbing over the barriers and trying to
interrupt Bernie Sanders trying to
interrupt Hillary Clinton at their
rallies you know what do you think you
think I'm stupid enough to come on
YouTube and say how wonderful that is
what great activism that is you know no
my perspective that is critical
I share that sincere critical
perspective feet i'm good at the evil
deeds it's normal for me homie like
macaroni they've been like pretty Tony
famous what you don't know me I'm gonna
remember that war like a Republican
smooth as a Democrat pull a rabbit out
my hat like a magician dressed in black
really your killer dressed in black
killing for them papers crack risk foods
like Ebenezer for these give me amnesia
[ __ ] I know they're for CJ I'm sick no
anesthesia can't kill what's in my jeans
[ __ ] that stash spot bigger my piss
killings in my dreams emo bring the flow
I'm a fee for the dough i'm a fiend for
the feel of me squeezing that calico AMG
across the mason-dixon just to keep me
out of prison [ __ ] I lady and
you will get pop get to steppin with my
oh my this channel is is a successful my
wildest dreams and it was before during
rider ever threatened to beat me up or
kill me to reach an audience of a few
hundred people care who want to hear it
for me that's totally rewarding enough I
mean even if it was it was like 200
people 400 people I'm set to me that's a
really meaningful engagement with my
audience because I'm motivated by the
cause I am doing it for the cause I am
doing it for the culture I am doing it
for the movement I'm doing it for the
future of veganism and also as you guys
know I'm partly doing it to leave a
fragment of who I really am for my
daughter to see one day one day my
daughter is gonna grow up and watch this
stuff I hope she may I hate my daughter
is gonna grow up and on a steak
restaurant and think veganism is a joke
I have no idea but you know you you I
put this stuff down for that reason also
I'm divorced to have a daughter's
growing up in your open center so you
know what do I expect from somebody like
Jack green whose motives are instead
fame and fame whoring and he went to
Thailand for that reason in the first
place and he tried to be best friends
with during writer and freely whom he
met in person of course that's what you
get if you buy the plane ticket and you
pay for the hotel room that's to get
spend thousands of dollars to meet the
great cult leader face-to-face you know
um I don't expect him to be brilliant I
don't expect him to be ethical I don't
expect him to be engaged the political
issues in the movement I don't expect to
have quality content which he doesn't I
don't expect me to say my expectations
are low in this vegan devimon some of
you will know who I'm quoting according
boarding a guy made a parody video of
the cultural access but it is very
parody he tries to imitate my accent and
he says my expectations are low in this
demi-monde and it's true my expectations
of you are low Jack I respect you have
any gratitude towards me and 77 even
though I put up that video that reached
three thousand viewers promoting your
channel just at a goodwill I reached out
to you etc if you care enough to defame
me why don't you care enough to have
basic curiosity and basic human decency
and hear my side of the story which you
can do from the videos already up on
youtube or you could do by emailing me
or talking to me or what have you you
know it I mean it's heartbreaking you
can ask yourself if any of this stuff
were sincere what would you do what if
he were actually concerned that at that
time when he talked to me on the street
like if this is not [ __ ] Jack which
it is I hope you know deep down inside
this is [ __ ] I hope you know that
when you're defaming me you're telling a
lie maybe you don't maybe you're so out
of touch with reality you actually
believe things during writers said that
nobody believes that Dorian lighter
himself later retracted and apologized
for and that julia has always said was
not true Julia said it was untrue before
durianrider got involved and she said it
was untrue but after guard well of
course I say it's untrue so everyone
says it's untrue including cheering
writer and Jack you're still coming on
the internet and saying I had a love
affair with Julia okay but if that was
sincere Jack if you actually believe
that and you were actually concerned why
didn't you take it up with me when we
were on the streets of Chiang Mai
together when I talk to you face-to-face
I'll keeping it real and when I tell you
that conversation started I didn't know
if you and your friend we're gonna try
to beat the [ __ ] out of me because that
was during writers claim is that he had
a bunch of guys like you who were eager
to beat the [ __ ] out of me the moment
you
me on the street which is where I saw
you I didn't back down two of you and
one of me I think you guys are in pretty
good shape I don't really know okay Oh
what is man what if you are actually
concerned which don't be no reason to be
concerned I mean I can imagine in some
parallel universe if I had a love affair
with somebody in Chiang Mai maybe and
you found out about it maybe your
attitude behave it's none of your
business there's no reason for concern
but if you were concerned which is the
phony ass pose you're striking here on
YouTube when it counted you didn't do
jack [ __ ] about it you didn't ask me
about it again it's completely
impossible what you think you saw me I
just walked out of my apartment building
do you think Julia bore was back in my
apartment wearing a [ __ ] I don't know
negligee look what do you think man you
think I just left her in the apartment
like you think I'm going out to buy
condoms and head back there like do you
actually believe when you met me on the
street that love affair was going on if
you did and you were concerned at the
time you didn't say [ __ ] to me about it
much less than you try to beat me up and
take me to a police station as during
writers said you were supposed to do
okay and I mean on the other hand like
just even now if it was actually based
on human concern it doesn't explain any
of your behavior because your behavior
is not motivated by concern you're
neither concerned for her the girl I
allegedly had a love affair with
although the only person who alleged
that has already admitted was it was a
lie and retracted it and apologized for
it albeit in a very insincere apology
video but still he admitted that was a
complete lie Julia again never said it
was true she said it was alive a forgery
writer made up to lie etc etc your
concern is just with exploiting the fact
that you know my name to get your little
bit of fame and that's really sad it's
sad for me and it said for you and
instead for veganism and in a sense man
I have self-confidence that the people
who matter the people of more than 10
brain cells they're going to see this
channel and
going to relate to what kind of guy I am
and they're going to know what's up I'm
not really concerned that idiots like
yourself or durianrider can defame me in
that sense in that way I am concerned
that people like you and during writer
can prevent me from getting a job in
real life because someone who doesn't
know me someone who just receives my
resume and looks at my name and that
puts my name is you do i do think you
can really negatively impact my life in
terms of getting a job in terms that
kind of thing the fact that my name is
attached to those kinds of allegations I
do think it can damage me it could
damage me in court in my divorce
proceedings with my ex-wife as I talked
about I do think this could have really
negative ramifications for mean that way
but within the movement within veganism
within people who have the time to burn
to watch a 45 minute video on YouTube no
I don't think any of those people take
your [ __ ] seriously and dude I just
don't know for you in terms of how to
touch your with reality I hope you don't
take it seriously when you saw me on the
street you didn't have [ __ ] to say to me
you didn't ask me about my girlfriend
real or alleged you didn't ask me for
anything that stuff you didn't step to
me you didn't follow your cult leaders
instructions you were just a [ __ ]
coward you were a trembling coward who
couldn't look me straight in the eye I
buhdeuce yen